README updates (#2395)
rapidsai/cugraph: README.md

[![Build Status](https://gpuci.gpuopenanalytics.com/job/rapidsai/job/gpuci/job/cugraph/job/branches/job/cugraph-branch-pipeline/badge/icon)](https://gpuci.gpuopenanalytics.com/job/rapidsai/job/gpuci/job/cugraph/job/branches/job/cugraph-branch-pipeline/)

> The [RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai) cuGraph library is a collection of GPU accelerated graph algorithms that process data found in [GPU DataFrames](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf).  The vision of cuGraph is _to make graph analysis ubiquitous to the point that users just think in terms of analysis and not technologies or frameworks_.  To realize that vision, cuGraph operates, at the Python layer, on GPU DataFrames, thereby allowing for seamless passing of data between ETL tasks in [cuDF](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf) and machine learning tasks in [cuML](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml).  Data scientists familiar with Python will quickly pick up how cuGraph integrates with the Pandas-like API of cuDF.  Likewise, users familiar with NetworkX will quickly recognize the NetworkX-like API provided in cuGraph, with the goal to allow existing code to be ported with minimal effort into RAPIDS.  

Reviewer: This sentence might read better with fewer commas, maybe like this:
```
To realize that vision, cuGraph operates at the Python layer on GPU DataFrames, thereby allowing for seamless passing of data between ETL...
```

> As you move down the software stack, graph structure and processing becomes less obfuscated and understanding of graph theory is needed.  We provide a Python layer, called pylibcugraph, for users wishing to integrate with cuGraph at the Python layer.  For users familiar with C/C++/CUDA and graph structures, can access libcugraph and libcugraph_c for low level integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the high-level cugraph python API provides an easy-to-use and familiar interface for data scientists that's consistent with other RAPIDS libraries in their workflow, some use cases require access to lower-level graph theory concepts.  For these users, we provide an additional Python API called pylibcugraph, for applications that require a tighter integration with cuGraph at the Python layer.  Users familiar with C/C++/CUDA and graph structures can access libcugraph and libcugraph_c for low level integration outside of python.
```

## Documentation
Python API documentation can be generated from [docs](docs) directory.

------
# Projects that use cuGraph

(alphabetical order)
* ArangoDB - a free and open-source native multi-model database system  - https://www.arangodb.com/
* CuPy - "NumPy/SciPy-compatible Array Library for GPU-accelerated Computing with Python" -  https://cupy.dev/
* Memgraph - In-memory database - https://memgraph.com/

> * ScanPy - Scanpy is a scalable toolkit for analyzing single-cell gene expression data - https://scanpy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

Reviewer: minor nit just for consistency with ArangoDB
```suggestion
* ScanPy - a scalable toolkit for analyzing single-cell gene expression data - https://scanpy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

```
